controls/Label.java
 controls.Label
pomPages/hjk.java
 pomPages.hjk
factoryBrowser/IBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.IBrowser
pomPages/todoist/LoginModal.java
 pomPages.todoist.LoginModal
factoryBrowser/Edge.java
 factoryBrowser.Edge
testClean/CreateProjectTest.java
 testClean.CreateProjectTest
controls/TextBox.java
 controls.TextBox
basicSelenium/BasicTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicTest
pomPages/todoly/LoginModal.java
 pomPages.todoly.LoginModal
pomPages/todoly/MainPage.java
 pomPages.todoly.MainPage
pomPages/todoly/MenuSection.java
 pomPages.todoly.MenuSection
basicSelenium/BasicTodoLyTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicTodoLyTest
factoryBrowser/BrowserStackFireFox.java
 factoryBrowser.BrowserStackFireFox
basicSelenium/BasicDeleteProject.java
 basicSelenium.BasicDeleteProject
controls/CheckBox.java
 controls.CheckBox
factoryBrowser/FactoryBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.FactoryBrowser
testClean/CRUD.java
 testClean.CRUD
controls/Image.java
 controls.Image
singletonSession/Session.java
 singletonSession.Session
basicSelenium/BasicCreateProjectTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicCreateProjectTest
controls/Button.java
 controls.Button
factoryBrowser/Chrome.java
 factoryBrowser.Chrome
factoryBrowser/BrowserStack.java
 factoryBrowser.BrowserStack
factoryBrowser/FireFox.java
 factoryBrowser.FireFox
testClean/LoginTest.java
 testClean.LoginTest
pomPages/todoist/PrincipalPage.java
 pomPages.todoist.PrincipalPage
pomPages/todoist/MenuProfile.java
 pomPages.todoist.MenuProfile
controls/Control.java
 controls.Control
testClean/TestBaseTodoLy.java
 testClean.TestBaseTodoLy
testClean/TestBaseTodoist.java
 testClean.TestBaseTodoist
pomPages/todoly/LeftSection.java
 pomPages.todoly.LeftSection
pomPages/todoly/CenterSection.java
 pomPages.todoly.CenterSection
pomPages/todoly/ProjectOptionsPage.java
 pomPages.todoly.ProjectOptionsPage
testClean/ExamenEjercicio2.java
 testClean.ExamenEjercicio2
testClean/ExamenEjercicio3y1.java
 testClean.ExamenEjercicio3y1
pomPages/todoist/MainPage.java
 pomPages.todoist.MainPage
